{"poster":"Better Jungler","date":"2018-01-14T20:30:47.724+0000","title":"Would Riot ever consider streaming a design meeting?","subforum":"[ARCHIVED] Help & Support","up_votes":1,"down_votes":0,"body":"I think it would be really interesting to see the meetings as they unfold.  I wonder if they'd ever let us see behind the curtain for a meeting, and let the players just witness a meeting and all the ideas that come out from it. \r\n\r\nI assume they all sit around a table, each person with their own idea for the direction of the topic at hand, and discuss pro/cons of each change.  They would have to HEAVILY state that NOTHING from the meeting is written in stone, but it would be cool to see the developers and teams talking. May help with some of the backlash too. (Won't solve it)","replies":[{"poster":"Broporo","date":"2018-01-14T22:28:42.098+0000","up_votes":2,"down_votes":0,"body":"We don't do this exact kind of thing, but we do have the [**Dev Corner**](https://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/developer-corner)!  You can also leave your feedback, and they may not always reply to comments there, I can guarantee you they do take a look ^_^","replies":[{"poster":"Better Jungler","date":"2018-01-14T22:32:08.453+0000","up_votes":1,"down_votes":0,"body":"I live in the dev corner.  Thanks for being more active on it though, I remember it used to be pretty lackluster, but its updated weekly, sometimes twice or thrice weekly if we're lucky.","replies":[]}]},{"poster":"Chermorg","date":"2018-01-14T22:14:50.717+0000","up_votes":1,"down_votes":0,"body":"I think the issue here is that it is likely that said meeting would include topics that are not public yet and would cause a lot of backlash because of misinformation or not having all the information. That being said, I don't know if a livestream is best, but maybe a edited video (where they edit out parts that are not for public use yet) would be doable? RITO PLS","replies":[{"poster":"Better Jungler","date":"2018-01-14T22:25:06.163+0000","up_votes":1,"down_votes":0,"body":"I agree. In my idea they wouldve probably had a mini meeting before stream went live that said \"Don't talk about how we're going to make Volibear OP so Better Jungler can hit plat this season\" or something along those lines. \n\nbut yeah an editted video of the discussion process, even with scrapped ideas would be REALLY interesting.\n\nRITO PLS","replies":[]}]}]}